So another fun thing to try with Curl,
is there's a dash capital H
that lets you set headers.
So if you want to experiment
with setting headers, you can.
I'll show you an example of
what that would look like.
So I run the server like before,
I can run Curl command and
I paste buffer, right?
So.
Okay, so if we have our Curl command,
we can do something like dash H,
cool, colon, beans, and that's gonna
set our http header called cool and
it's gonna set it to the value beans.
So that's just a little example,
you can play around it if you like.
Some servers are really particular
about the headers that you send.
Some people interpret
the HTTP spec very strictly.
[LAUGH] I don't tend to do that myself,
but.